EIP-7939 CLZ for Osaka (#16122)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.31 (unreleased)

Language Features:

> * Yul: Introduce builtin ``clz(x)`` for counting leading zeoros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Yul: Introduce builtin ``clz(x)`` for counting the number of leading zero bits in a 256-bit word.
```

Author: applied.

> * Yul: Introduce builtin ``clz(x)`` for counting the number of leading zero bits in a 256-bit word.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Yul: Introduce builtin `clz(x)` for counting the number of leading zero bits in a 256-bit word.
```
